Do you know what I hate about Americans?
Everything.
Especially cowboys.
Are you an American?
Yes, yes. New York.
Are you a cop?
Yes, yes.
Soon it will sound loud.
Where did you know I'm a cop?
You don't look like a lawyer.
Jack!
Father?
Have you dealt with this?
007 from Plainfield, New Jersey.
Peace, you're out of danger.
Get down!
Seriously out of danger right now.
This type does not mean anything good.
Terrorism.
Uranium for Weapons of Mass Destruction.
Nuclear heads.
Someone has to stop him.
Good boy.
No! - Cop.
What is this? Some pirate gun or?
It's an old school ...
Like you. - Just.
You've probably done it before.
Don't incite her to the fireplace.
Me and my boyfriend ...
we'll give you one hard chain.
Really?
Really.
Are you confused?
Tibakene.
VISA HING: GOOD DAY, SURRA
Looking for junk or will you find them yourself?
I ask myself the same thing.
FROM KINODES FROM THE 14TH WESTERN